Bug fix in the variable costs of sticky (#304)
magpiemodel/magpie: CHANGELOG.md

### changed
- **13_tc** added switch to ignore historic tau patterns in historic time steps (new default)
- **16_demand** Moved most of cropping related set definitions (k, kve, kcr) from **16_demand** to **14_yield**

> - **38_factor_costs** Realization `sticky_feb18` extended to differentiate capital requirements between regions and their specific development status (GDP) in each time step of the magpie run. The changes in the `sticky` realization also include an additional switch so it can be operated as `dynamic` (change of each region capital share at each time step) or `free` (capital shares equal to zero and equivalent to the `fixed_per_ton_mar18` realization). Bugfix in the yearly update of the variable input requirements. Addition of the time dimension and clean up of names of parameters used in the realization. Remolval of the management factor (this factor was not being used, it was being cancelled ot in the calculations). Correction of the costs that are given in 05USDppp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **38_factor_costs** Realization `sticky_feb18` extended to differentiate capital requirements between regions and their specific development status (GDP) in each time step of the magpie run. The changes in the `sticky` realization also include an additional switch so it can be operated as `dynamic` (change of each region capital share at each time step) or `free` (capital shares equal to zero and equivalent to the `fixed_per_ton_mar18` realization). Bugfix in the yearly update of the variable input requirements. Addition of the time dimension and clean up of names of parameters used in the realization. Removal of the management factor (this factor was not being used, it was being cancelled out in the calculations). Correction of the costs that are given in 05USDppp.
```
